Community assembly rework, split COG module into "per cloud" zip packages (#7710)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/community/cog/cog.rst

picking the community folder of the corresponding GeoServer series (e.g. if working on the GeoServer main development branch nightly
builds, pick the zip file form ``main/community-latest``).

The module is provided as four different packages, depending on the connection type:

* ``cog-http`` for HTTP connections without a particular cloud target
* ``cog-aws`` for AWS S3 connections
* ``cog-google`` for Google Cloud Storage connections
* ``cog-azure`` for Azure Blob Storage connections

To install the module, download the package you need, unpack the zip file contents into the GeoServer ``WEB-INF/lib`` directory and restart GeoServer.

> Mind, the dependencies of the various cloud providers might interfere with each other, so please never install toghether the AWS, Google and Azure modules.

Reviewer: Spelling mistake and caution:

```suggestion

.. warning::

   The dependencies of the various cloud providers might interfere with each other, so please never install together the AWS, Google and Azure modules.
```
